Once upon a time, there was a powerful Lion who was the king of the jungle. The Lion was very
powerful, and other animals in the jungle were afraid of him. The Lion used to kill little animals to
satisfy his hunger.
Being the king of the jungle, the lion called all the animals and ordered them,
“Everyday one of
you should come by yourself as my prey, otherwise i will destroy the whole jungle.
”
The animals were too scared of the lion and agreed to obey his order. The animals planed to go
one by one. The lazy lion was happy with his easy prey. Days went by. To save themselves, the
animals of the jungle prayed to the Lion and requested him to kill and eat one animal per day
that will be sent to him as a prayer.
The Lion agreed, and each day an animal was sent to him as his food. Thus little rabbits to dear
and birds, all were sent to the Lion to satisfy his hunger. As time passed by, the number of
animals in the jungle started decreasing, and the animals were spending days in fear and
waiting for their turn.
One day, a rabbit was sent to the Lion. But the rabbit did not reach the Lion at expected hours,
and the Lion became restless in hunger. When the rabbit reached, the angry Lion asked it,
“Why
are you so late? you know that very bad things will happen if you make me wait.
”
The little rabbit sat on the ground with folded hands and told the Lion,
“Please forgive me, my
Lord. I started at the right time with 4 of my friends. But a Lion more powerful than you stopped
us in the way and ate four of them. I managed to flee and come to your service.
”
The proud and powerful Lion could not tolerate a second one in the same jungle who was as
powerful as him and was eating away his share of food. The lion roared so loudly that the trees
shook and called the second Lion for a battle.
“Take me to the Lion. I will teach him lessons. I
am the only king of this jungle, and all the animals should come to my service.
”
The rabbit smiled and took the Lion to a nearby well filled with water. He pointed inside.
“My lord, the other lion lives down there. He is waiting for you.
”
The lion rushed to the well and looked in. There, staring back at him, was a huge lion. When the
angry Lion roared, the other lion in the well roared too!
“GRrrrr! How dare you challenge me!” the lion shouted. Without a second thought, he jumped
straight into the well to fight his enemy.
SPLASH!
But it was only his own reflection. The foolish lion sank deep into the water and never returned.
The clever rabbit hopped back to the animals and told them what had happened. All the animals
cheered, danced, and sang. At last, the jungle was safe again.
And from that day, the animals remembered the rabbit’s courage and wisdom. They learned that
Wisdom is stronger than physical strength and clever thinking can help us overcome tough
situations.